# Introduction
## Odoo.sh

The VCLS Odoo platform is based on the cloud service of Odoo SA, [Odoo.sh](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/user/12.0/odoo_sh/documentation.html).

This folder includes documentation files to train and guide the developers.

The latest Odoo documentations can be found here:

[Developer Documentation](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/12.0/index.html)

## VCLS Odoo

The VCLS Odoo platform includes a dashboard and the available applications can be accessed from here depending on the user access rights.

The VCLS Odoo platform currently includes these applications:

1.	Tickets - customized via vcls-helpdesk module
2.	Contacts - customized via vcls-contact module
3.	Employees - customized via vcls-hr and vcls-interfaces modules
4.	Leaves - customized via vcls-hr module
5.	Discuss - no customization 
6.	Project - no customization
7.	Surveys - no customization
8.  Website - no customization

The visual setting of the platform is customized via the vcls-theme module

The published applications are designed to provide a simple user interface to minimize the training needs of the platform.

The kanban view provides drag and drop functionality for selected group of fields.

Various filters per fields and groups can be applied to view a subset of records.

### Interfaces

There is an Azure AD interface implemented to enable SSO functionality. 
This is achieved via the userodoo_microsoft_account module with the oAuth protocol.

Email notification is implemented hence all users are notified via email for messages and assignment notifications unless their notification setting is changed.
